hey guys so what I thought I'd do here
today you show you a package I got from
a good buddy of mine on here called
Danks on youtube I'll put a link to his
channel in description box below but
yeah if you're into a pc engine or
arcade hardware NBS neogeo any of that
stuff give a guy look because he's got
great channels loads of cool videos on
there really funny guy as well so yeah
definitely check him out but yeah you
sent me this package here basically you
gave me the thing for free and the guys
totally awesome for that I'll go into a
bit more in a minute we'll just open
this up here because I'm trying to get
my hands on it you said so I open it
from the bottom because the parent is a
little message in the bottom there so
I'll just pull sides off the preferred
parcel open or a course for me at least
the screwdriver it's actually came
really quickly I'd sick just over a week
maybe if that from New Jersey so not bad
oh look at this
mr. retro repair I hope you get a
working if anyone can my money would be
on you thanks for all your help whenever
a problem comes up with one of my many
toys the other man this is just a little
thank you your bush in the US right
awesome cheers man look at his packages
we're here what a bang-up job on the
packaging it's awesome and it is that I
and the ogio cdz totally freaking
awesome I can't believe you gave me this
man this is so awesome thank you so much
yeah parently it's got a problem it does
it doesn't spin up disks so the matter I
guess he was actually going on with it
can't really see anything obvious from
the start anyway yeah we'll take your
part have a look and see what's going on
with it I got also a power supply from
rod web of console boots located UK take
your some guy very nice price on that
actually I think about 25 pounds it's
brand new it's uk-spec as well it is an
original near OCD about today so let's
get out the package so we all need to do
is I'll just need to cut some notches in
the student friendly just about all need
to cut some notches in the top there so
it actually fits in the back of the cdz
but this paradise will work fine for it
anyway and I picked up a couple of games
missus an anticipation because even if I
can't get this like driving this working
I'm going to be getting a new CD lens
for it anyway so or laser unit whatever
so yeah hopefully we'll be able to get
that fixed and yeah thanks again Danks
that's totally awesome awesome of you to
send me that he should actually get in
his parcel soon so I hopefully the
student doing a video on that as well
but I guess that's pretty much it for
now like making progress with this and
I'll obviously upload a video pretty
soon but yeah that's it for now thanks
for watching
alright so just a little update here
basically I've got the cds of your part
and i think we found our problem
unfortunately if i turn it on here just
hold this little switch down this little
switch down here tells the system that
will it's closed so i just hold that
down you can see it does try to spin but
there's no red dot on the laser and i
actually took a little magnifying glass
to it and you can see that the dyers
actually burn the lens yeah slowly dead
it's kind of a shame but don't mind how
I paid shipping for it so I'm not
exactly worried about it and for anyone
who's actually wanting to replace the
lens in this is easy to turn this off
look here on ebay that's the laser pick
up you need is a sharp h 8 15 18 f and
it's 11 pounds with free delivery so i'm
totally going to snag one of those right
now and i'll fix this right up and
they'll all power up and beating be your
lovely again but yeah so thanks again
dang it i really appreciate it don't
know what else to say it's just a really
really cool system i love this system i
had one a little while ago actually and
I kind of sold it because I can really
have a lot of cash at the time and I
really regret it so really really
pleased to get this back again and the
obviously post another video we'll talk
alittle working and show everything
powered up and running a game but yeah I
guess that's it again for now so comment
rate and subscribe and I'll catch you
guys later